[Music]
hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and welcome to episode 7 of my laptop
setup a series where I feature the
laptop setups that you guys submit to me
and then showcase whatever is that you
do with your gear and this week's
episode is on web developers so people
who design and create websites so first
up we have a submission from Eggman he's
a university student who works on
creative stuff with his free time the
main piece of his setup is the Dell XPS
15 9550 it's the same laptop that I use
most frequently so his is loaded up a
little differently he's got 32 gigs of
RAM and he's got the core i5 he protects
his laptop with an I know tech sleeve
and I think I know tech makes some of
the best valued sleeves and laptop cases
on Amazon he uses a Mad Catz about three
gaming mouse and a steel series quick
pad for audio he uses the Sennheiser
urbanite on ear and a JBL go wireless
Bluetooth speaker he also has a globe
bantam cruiser skateboard in a pretty
awesome color and so he carries all this
stuff using a Nike and Barca backpack
and this has a strap up front to hold a
skateboard so Eggman plays games and he
also develops a website for a friend
called food creating comm and it's not
live yet but it looks like it's a food
blog for sharing recipes and other food
ideas and stuff and the cool thing about
this as they learn to develop this
website by himself like you didn't go to
school for it he didn't do anything that
was kind of related to web development
of decide to pick it up and learn it and
that's pretty cool he plans on having
both German and English versions and
I'll definitely check this side out when
it goes live thanks for your submission
man okay next up we have a submission
from zing or Shing a university student
from Singapore he says that most of his
coursework at school is built around web
development for both front and back-end
and he actually built this particular
website as his submission he obviously
has some skills it's pretty cool so I'm
actually just going to use shadowplay
on his web site to kind of show you what
I'm looking at so first we have his
Nolan shot so we can see his setup and
this over here looks like
flexing his HTML skills in a program
called Adam he actually uses other
programs as well to do website
development his laptop is Adele II five
four four zero it's running an Nvidia GT
720 M and it's been upgraded with an SSD
there's some pics of it the mouse he
uses is the logitech g502 it's a really
really good sensor I like this one he
also has his laptop cooler that I've
never seen before it's called an oppo
ler and it looks like it works by
sucking the hot air out of your laptop
instead of blowing cool air around it or
underneath it like a lot of traditional
cooling pads work and it's small or at
least it looks really small so I'm
definitely gonna try one of these out
that's really neat he's using an LG g3 a
pebble time SmartWatch a SanDisk flash
drive and a pair of audio technica
earphones he also has this micro USB
cable but they've designed the tip so
that it's reversible so these are really
cool they're cheap and they make
charging device at night a lot easier
because you don't have to worry about
which side of your cable is facing up so
I'll link the one that I've used before
in the video description okay last up we
have a submission from X h20 8 I assume
that's not his real name he's from
London his setup is pretty minimal he's
using a 15-inch MacBook Pro from 2010
it's an older machine but I really loved
how easy that generation of MacBook was
for upgrades and repairs he has a 1 + 3
a solid phone I wish I had done a review
on that but I didn't have time he's got
an Amazon Kindle and an external drive
from Western Digital so he submitted a
pretty cool website that he developed
this friend called dom calm calm it's
basically a domain comparison site and I
don't look of domains very often I mean
I've only done this a handful of times
when I needed a specific URL but this
site Dom calm calm it lets you search
availability obviously but the big draw
is pricing like it compares the pricing
of a particular URL amongst the
different providers that you can shop
around for the best price and that's
pretty cool
so that wraps up this week's episode if
you're interested in submitting your own
stuff check the video description below
there's full instructions on how to
submit your own stuff there and there
will be prizes I'm sorry it's taken so
long for me to kind of come up with the
video but I will be doing a dedicated
video that kind of explains how the
whole process work
I'm going to try to do it for next week
or the week after that if you have
submitted and you haven't seen your
particular content in a particular
episode that was related to your content
don't worry there will be future
episodes that have the same kind of
theme to it so if you didn't see your
stuff in the gamer episode there will be
future gamer episodes as well hope you
guys enjoyed this one thumbs if you
liked it
subs if you loved it it's been nice I'll
see you guys next time